my good my boy
nothing I just yell : dat eint while I
hear I hear yo faggot has been with a
man last night today party who tell you
dashi
that's ball fuck my wrath straight be
just tell the truth me with de man your
mother skunk need to just come out of
that closet already dammit I straight
thaw don't let me look to fight your
mother's cunt
you won fight me I sure you don't be
fightin tabat from going up yo asshole
dassit I call in my squad and we come in
to roast your mother's cunt Garrity for
war fucka
look I don't play that gave fuck with AI
yo man it best not be no stick ward at
you bringing round yeah me son Larry
CEOs cunt in the streets and you gun see
tick tock gunshot why the fuck we can
brawl now qco skunk no wha gun go down
if you start yahoo fuck you gay all at
this mouth now bus grape if you is man
yo li'l faggot I won Masius cunt in
front of crowds all dem man Kushi dies a
lil panic body boys damn need feast
fr-from we to use we know in all wat
Amina pussy alwa body feel going off
forever how much time I could tell yo
skunk that mean gay you'd fo some fuck
then who dumb n be you've been pressing
up last night you sure it was a man
because I'm sure I took yo fine-ass
mutter to the same jam that you talking
bout look nigger you won me beat yo ass
right yeah because I strapped and I will
shut up your mother skunk right here
right now den poel yoga new lay we see
who the real bad man be call right then
I gonna shot your ass
shot me dead
faggot how much times I have to say that
I ain't no faggot you get in loud with
me no oh that's what I thought
you little bitch y'all cry to your cock
sucking mother my mutter don't suck no
cock that's what you think
she was deep throating my fuck out last
night stop yo fuck new stop oels what
you gonna cry no I gonna rake my butt
cross yo face see I always knew you was
a faggot you just proved my point bitch
you know what a man what I gonna fuck
you fuck me where up my ass since you is
a faggot yeba CH de man you know what
just shut the fuck up into your bitch
modest cunt I allergic to bad human and
they faggot fuckery I just said that to
see why yo guess can't what is yeah
right
stop yo under Cova fuck Neiman come
miles or Malibu and you gon see him gay
when gunshot riddling in yo chest i goes
where i want when i want bitch yeah I
hope you could say that when gunshot
riddlin in yo chest faggot I comment
with the whole of Williams delight for
your mother's cunt hold it down de man I
know yo bitch ass world have been scared
well you know what what this has been an
official on Devante production ha ha
nigger shut the fuck up
[Applause]
[Music]
you